To show users about Borders object when applied over a range of cells (#1664)
MicrosoftDocs/VBA-Docs: api/Excel.Borders.md

## Remarks

> Use the **Borders** property to return the **Borders** collection, which contains all four borders when used with a single cell. But if **Borders** property is used on a range object then **Borders** property returns **Borders** collection, which contains all four borders of a cell , plus **xlInsideHorizontal** and **xlInsideVertical** i.e. it sets inside as well as outside borders of a range selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the **Borders** property to return the **Borders** collection, which contains all four borders. You can apply different borders to each side of a cell or range. For more information how to apply borders to a range of cells, see **[Range.Borders](Excel.Range.Borders.md)** property.
```
